Run. Jump, Fall.

Simon Bull

I sit here, looking over to the other side, so close but out of reach.
Sometimes I see her, a glint of bright yellow flashing from the other side. I'm always wondering what she is thinking. Noticing me? Wanting me to Join?

	It seems like forever that I have been here, although I can't really remember when it started or even how it all came about.
I'm sure it wasn't always like this, I know it in fact, deep in my mind, that it can't have always been like this but I can not seem to grasp what came before. Now looking forwards it never seems to matter anymore anyway, distant memories clouded now through these repeated days.

	Each morning I wake up in a soft, comfortable sleeping bag next to the dying embers of what seems to be the previous nights fire. The air is chilled as if with the winds of a winter storm, it bites Deep on my exposed skin and makes me want to recede back into the warmth of where I rest.

	I lay for a while like I have every recent morning and take stock of my thoughts, try to gather them and sift what coherence I can. Everything in the now is so clear, this is no dream. Reality presses its vivid light in to my eyes through my retina and into my brain. I feel the cold crisp bite of the air in my lungs. My body feels well rested. Yet as I try to think back to anything before these endless cold days I'm met with a fog masking the way to what has come before. I can feel things inside, perhaps on the other side but just can't grasp them to see what they really are. Smoke tendrils through the fingers of my mind. So I'm stuck with the thoughts of the days right now, to live them again.

	Slowly I unzip the sleeping bag, stand up and take a deep breath. I'm wearing old but comfortable blue Levi jeans and a loose but comfortable plain white t-shirt. No socks or shoes.

	I walk over to wash my face in a small puddle left from rain I have never seen, every morning the same, always there in the same place but never seen to fill. I see my reflection for a second before my hands break the mirror like surface to splash icy water on my  stubbled face.
	I never shave but have only slight red stubble, it's the same every day.

	As I watch the ripples of the puddled water start to fade I feel a small pang in my stomach. I'm Hungry. I step back over the the remains of the fire and see set by its side is an old but clean enamelled plate with a small handful of pieces of fruit. I reach down, pick up the fruit and slide a few slices into my mouth and slowly savour the flavor. The flesh is a golden green colour and a has a strong, tropical and sweet taste that seems a cross between a mild mango and a strawberry. I close my eyes and focus on the sensation of taste and the rhythm of my slow breathing. I am calm.

	Opening my eyes I take in my surroundings, They are uncanny, familiar but with a strange foreign undertone that makes me subtly uncomfortable. I am on a small island, although instead of being immediately surrounded by sea this one is souring in the sky, high above the water below. The island is about thirty square feet, perhaps the equivalent of a medium one room studio apartment.

	The sleeping bag I have emerged from lay perfectly in the centre with the isle a rough circular shape of what looks like solid slate. Next to one side of the bag is the small, almost dead now fire and to the other a small dead bush of about knee height. Beside the bush is the small puddle of water in a shallow indent of the islands solid stone.

	I walk slowly around the edge of the island looking down as I go. Aside from the odd broken piece of rock there is nothing else of interest on the surface itself. After my short circumnavigation I shuffle carefully a little closer to the edge and peer over to glance at what lies below.

	The island sits upon a towering precipice that tapers lightly beneath for what looks like hundreds and hundreds of feet. The face of the slate would be surely impossible for any human to scale, let alone a specimen such as myself. So high that in fact some small wisps of clouds can be made out passing dreamily below in the wind. Looking up and straight off the back of the island I face a dark brooding storm. The heavy, rain laden clouds meet the white caps of the sea far off on the horizon. Rare and sporadic flashes of lighting, so distant that no thunder can be heard and no gain in light of my surrounds.

	I turn around and look the opposite way from the dark storm. Across from the other side of island is another much lager body of land. There is a small protrusion of rock that almost comes out to meet the island. Almost an isthmus but broken by a fairly large gap measuring perhaps around seven meters length. Like the island, the rock that comes reaching out to try to meet it is a sheer vertical cliff of what looks to be slate falling down to the hundreds of feet below into the distant water. The gap is what would be most likely beyond the very cusp of what I could jump. The thought gives me anxiety and makes me panic.

	Lifting my gaze slightly I look across a sun dappled wide plateau covered in deep green grass and clumps of lush trees. Off into the distance this builds denser into a thick but somehow inviting tropical jungle. Almost homely in nature it seems to offer protection, sustenance and a general feeling of happiness. Almost giving off a quality of fairy tales, dreamy and bright. On the plateau there is almost no movement aside from an ever so slight gentle breeze that rustles the blades of grass and leaves, just on the edge of perception. 

	Slightly within the further trebling of the jungle I can sometimes see a darting blur of yellow. It is still for a second then flashes away to appear close by before moving on again. Like a small bird darting around unsure of where to land. I watch it mesmerised for a while, an unknown time. It feels like my vision starts to tunnel upon that space and the whole world is now made of my focus on the flitting yellow. A glimpse of yellow, darting through the undergrowth and trees, teasing, tempting. A stroke of hope across my eyes.

	Compelling. Whispering. Seducing.

	Before I am even aware of what I'm doing my body is racing, covering the short distance to the edge of my island as I leap into the air. My footing was not so sound and I have not enough power to make the gap. I get one last flash of yellow against he dark jungle before there is a wall of slate rushing up past my eyes. I become extremely cold as I fall...

	Cold fog then I wake up in a soft, comfortable sleeping bag next to the dying embers of what seems to be the previous nights fire. Cold. I lay, memories of yellow. Thoughts and places just out of reach. I slip out of the warmth. Blue jeans and white t-shirt. Face reflected in a mirror like puddle, short red stubble.

	I savour golden green sweet fruit as I take stock of the island surrounds. Walk in a circle, look back to the dark brooding storm. The dark clouds seem close, bearing down on me slowly. There is a huge ominous pressure building in there that terrifies me for inexplicable reasons. 

	I look out from the island to the green and sunny plateau. Again the view almost doesn't stir except for a a very gentle and pleasant looking breeze. 

	In the grass a flash of yellow, close enough to see the form of a small bird, like a finch or warbler but with the most vibrant cadmium yellow plumage. It looks more energetic then startled in its movements, I know it's not scared, it's more that the bird can't decide where to settle, always immediately seeing the next better place to land, then the next and next.

	A run, a leap, a jump, a fall.

	I wake from a dream of rushing slate, warm in a sleeping bag. Dying fire. Cold. Yellow. Blue jeans, white t-shirt. Haunted face in a mirror broken by ripples. A storm behind me, thunder rumbling and a flash of lighting strobes the island when I stand.

	A yellow bird sitting on the edge calling me. The pipers pipe, pulling me forever in. staring at me as if it dare me to come. 

	Run. Jump, Fall.

	Thunder. Lighting. Rain.

	Jump. Time slows as I ache with all my body, willing it forward with impossible invisible strength.

	My fingers grasp the roots of grass that cling to the top of the rock as I cling for my life. I slowly pull myself up, the roots crack and slowly tear and snap.

	A beautiful bird at my fingers looking down. 

	I fall.
	
	I wake up in a sleeping bag soaked with rain.

	
	I sit here, looking over to the other side, so close but out of reach. Sometimes I see her, a glint of bright yellow flashing from the other side. I'm always wondering what she is thinking. Noticing me? Wanting me to Join? 

	All I can do is jump and fall.
